docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish
to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository
before making a change.


## Development environment setup

To set up a development environment, please follow these steps:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/starknet-id/starknet.quest.git
   cd starknet.quest
   npm i && npm run dev
   ```

## Issues and feature requests

Issues with the label **open for contribution** are for you to contribute to. These are exclusively for people who are interested in contributing meaningfully to the repository. We welcome your effort in issues which come under this label.

**All tasks must be completed by the deadline stated in the task description. Failure to meet the deadline will result in reassignment to another person or a reduction in the potential OnlyDust reward.**

### Creating an issue

You've found a bug in the source code or maybe
you'd like a new feature?
You can help us by
[submitting an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/starknet-id/starknet.quest/issues).
Before you create an issue, make sure to search the issue archive -- your issue
may have already been addressed!

Please try to create bug reports that are:

- _Reproducible._ Include steps to reproduce the problem.
- _Specific._ Include as much detail as possible: which version, what
  environment, etc.
- _Unique._ Do not duplicate existing opened issues.
- _Scoped to a Single Bug._ One bug per report.

**Even better: Submit a pull request with a fix or new feature!**


### How to submit a Pull Request

1. Search our repository for open or closed
   [Pull Requests](https://github.com/starknet-id/starknet.quest/pulls) that
   relate to your submission. You don't want to duplicate effort.
2. Fork the project
3. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feat/amazing_feature`)
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'feat: add amazing_feature'`)
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feat/amazing_feature`)
6. [Open a Pull Request](https://github.com/starknet-id/starknet.quest/compare)

### Understanding the labels on your Pull Request
- If your PR is ready for review or merging then add a label which says - **Ready for Review**
- If your PR is in progress and is not ready for review or merging then add a label which says - **In progress do not merge**
- If the maintainer has reviewed and has asked for a change then they would attach the label - **Changes Requested**. You can address the comments made in the review and add the label **Ready for review** once done so that they can come back to it later and complete the review and merge 🎉

Commit message:

feat: add tg group link (#565)

docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish
to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository
before making a change.

To connect with us regarding any queries about contributing to the repo, feel free to join our telegram group [here](https://t.me/SQcontributors)

## Development environment setup

To set up a development environment, please follow these steps:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/starknet-id/starknet.quest.git
   cd starknet.quest
   npm i && npm run dev
   ```

## Issues and feature requests

Issues with the label **open for contribution** are for you to contribute to. These are exclusively for people who are interested in contributing meaningfully to the repository. We welcome your effort in issues which come under this label.

**All tasks must be completed by the deadline stated in the task description. Failure to meet the deadline will result in reassignment to another person or a reduction in the potential OnlyDust reward.**

### Creating an issue

You've found a bug in the source code or maybe
you'd like a new feature?
You can help us by
[submitting an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/starknet-id/starknet.quest/issues).
Before you create an issue, make sure to search the issue archive -- your issue
may have already been addressed!

Please try to create bug reports that are:

- _Reproducible._ Include steps to reproduce the problem.
- _Specific._ Include as much detail as possible: which version, what
  environment, etc.
- _Unique._ Do not duplicate existing opened issues.
- _Scoped to a Single Bug._ One bug per report.

**Even better: Submit a pull request with a fix or new feature!**


### How to submit a Pull Request

1. Search our repository for open or closed
   [Pull Requests](https://github.com/starknet-id/starknet.quest/pulls) that
   relate to your submission. You don't want to duplicate effort.
2. Fork the project
3. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feat/amazing_feature`)
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'feat: add amazing_feature'`)
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feat/amazing_feature`)
6. [Open a Pull Request](https://github.com/starknet-id/starknet.quest/compare)

### Understanding the labels on your Pull Request
- If your PR is ready for review or merging then add a label which says - **Ready for Review**
- If your PR is in progress and is not ready for review or merging then add a label which says - **In progress do not merge**
- If the maintainer has reviewed and has asked for a change then they would attach the label - **Changes Requested**. You can address the comments made in the review and add the label **Ready for review** once done so that they can come back to it later and complete the review and merge 🎉
